Now we have three tables inside university schema.
So we need three entity glasses and three repositories in our Springwood application, just like we
have entity class and Depository for Rentable.
We need entity, class and repository for department and subjects learning to operate.
So let's go for it.
This is our Springwood application, and we have a separate package for entity classes, right?
So here create the Entity Class Sport Department Table.
So, for example, class name is Department Dot Gela.
The very first thing is, we need to mark this with Andy.
And the table name we need to provide using a table, in addition.
This is department.
Now inside the department table, how many columns we have to read it in department.
So let's go to Phil's.
Heidi?
And this is Department NI.
Let's map them, look at it.
In addition to this unique identifier for this table, and this is generated value.
Or let's copy from here, OK?
From just went Entity Glass.
Yes.
And.
This one, right, we need to have that column, in addition.
The column name is department and has good name, and we need to get us in status.
Select all generate controls set up to permit.
So this is our entity, Glass Department or Darla.
And it is representing Department Security Bill that we have in our Mitsuko database, OK?
Now, in the same way, let's do another entity class.
That is.
Subjects learning.
OK, let me copy this one to save the time.
On top of this one, the table name.
Copy from here.
They read long I.D.
Subject name and what are we have Max opt in in Serenity, right?
So let's map these columns.
Integer marks of 10.
What are there to be help student I.D. contemplate?
So this is basically the foreign guy, and we need to define our relationship using spending data so
that we will do in the next lecture.
See here.
Also, we have relationship right department data that we haven't met yet.
See, because this be newly added right department.
And this is also foreign key so that we need to define the relationship using splinted ADP, how to
do it, that we will see in the next lecture.
OK?
So leave this relationship for now splendored in this department.
So this we have in subjects learning its subject name and Mark's opting.
Okay, so.
Well, the top copy this one.
For this.
Here, Margaret, a column in addition.
This is subject name column.
The next is opt in boat.
So let's copy this one.
Marks obtained.
Have the getters and setters.
Select all standard format and save it.
So this is our entity, Glass, and it is representing subjects landing table that we have in our Mitsuko
database.
OK, so now we need repository has a right each repository for this particular entity glasses.
OK, just like we have this one repository.
So first, let's say a repository for department entity Glass.
OK, so inside this package, create a new interface department repository.
Marked this with add repository, in addition.
And we need to extend.
GPA repository.
Right?
The first one is over entity class that is department or.
And the data that I put out a unique identifier, okay, go to department or $0 and this one.
OK.
Long data they provided.
And so it.
Now, let's say another repository, okay, for subjects learning.
For this one, let me copy create a new interface.
Repository.
Mark, this with a repository.
The same thing extends a repository.
OK.
Subjects learning every day, class and data type long.
Embodied, and so it.
So for department people, we have department or entity, glass and department repository in the same
way for subjects landing table.
We have subjects learning their doorway into the glass and its repository.
OK, so three tables, we have a three entity, classes and three repositories.
So what we are left is to define this relationship.
OK?
Many to one from subject was done.
It is many to one.
And also from department, it is many to one.
So how to define the relationship by working with splendid ADP that we will see in the next lecture?
So that's all for now, and we'll proceed further in the next lecture.
Thank you very much.